wait where's the place where you can
like belly flop like five star frog
splash what the hell just happened
what is he a good going yeah he is there
this Leroy and he's really cool Leroy
bike race can't look at me yes it keep
walking you ugly bastard my baby also
the bfg oh he's the Big Friendly Giant
hello forget how not best friends for
life big fat Leroy can you just give me
penis that was given a shit why have you
given in the boat oh there he's gonna
run into the door name is nothing of
reach it's not gonna reach there he is
oh wow shit me really no Leroy what no
hey moon shit he's knocked out oh wait
is that what the sleeve or even do it
helps you do things like open open
berries and things that are trapped by
her stuff is Dave actually Leroy yeah
that's what syndicate calls him in
syndicate knows everything about zombies
Oh always locked himself away again
what's up Leroy oh no he's locked
himself back in the the jail it's scared
someone was to fired at him Oh thing
yeah if you fire at him he gets cares
and scared and runs away I don't think
he was a person yeah he's locked in
there so much that someone else has got
the key and it'll be me I don't know
where the key is I told where it is that
it where it is that it where it is
ok
ruben a tame her grenade Leroy he'll be
scared he's a big scaredy-cat okay you
are there one day Leroy I got the box
box is only ten pounds Hey Jude you're a
girl pepper good girl snow you're a
pretty little girl they ain't Gorney
boobs Leroy's got bigger boobs on you
okay that's all good speaking of Leroy
well said I'll go get some booze for
Leroy and then we're gonna have some fun
she's gonna follow me read and then I'm
gonna do a funny I'm gonna do a funny
watch this right I'll get some booze
like here we go right I got some booze
watch this watch this this is gonna be
hilarious and I gotta commentate over to
everything hey give me peep this I would
penis in my mouth two penises hey hey
you give me penis hey give me your penis
yeah your penis yet yeah give it a be
putting it he was trying to tell you
that he wants to motorboat you huh
that's what he's trying to say
do you say
Oh
oh yeah Oh Tina slept yeah give your
titty slut i see Leroy um seriously
you've stopped me I don't know man even
after you can I just say the wait wait
wait down my god wait a minute where are
you stuck in this business and nowhere
to go the lights keep flashing I'm so
far from home it comes Messi wet bar
again Oh little over the way below 80 ok
I see that it's I'm the master of
zombies right I'm gonna get gonna get
you stole a boy trying to get you like
like that and they're gonna pick up the
booze that I could hear it's gonna
follow me and he's gonna want my boobies
again poly Roly pronto
you only do
reveal Valen are you just touched on yet
uh I'm trying to think of what I can get
him to do oh oh no any candy tonight
come on follow me call me boy bring the
role of me oh I'm out of that I'm out of
weapons everywhere that again oh crap
I'm out of every single weapon keep
going good name number 10 hello that's a
dead end oh my crap on a cracker I did
you